those who do presents the life live
blade training first the concept of a
whole use my blade practice it is not to
dance with or to do too many counters
with somebody else with a weapon a knife
and stick a bottle or whatever
to defend ourselves move in get the
target and move out first thing is
holding you don't want to be like
fighting stance
should be another person that you are
about to engage so relax first of them
if the knife or object is coming
blocking like with it come down in that
hole strike vital area pull it back here
okay so if it's coming here strike and
then take yourself to the side side or
be lateral to the opponent just a little
bit behind them one more time the weapon
is coming this way this hands going to
block want to strike step out come on
strike again right again from there you
can either follow up or disengage
because you will be behind the opponent
so this is just a brief presentation of
hope will use lively and I'll do it one
more time
this will conclude our live blade video